.\"
.\" $Header: /usr/user/ww0r/RCS/custom.depot.man,v 4.6 1992/08/14 19:56:27 ww0r Exp $ 
.\" $Source: /usr/user/ww0r/RCS/custom.depot.man,v $ 
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1991 Carnegie Mellon University - All rights reserved */
.\"
.\" Author: Sohan C. Ramakrishna Pillai
.\"
.TH CUSTOM.DEPOT 5 "25 September 1991"
.SH NAME
custom.depot \- depot customization instructions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \[targetdir\]/depot/custom.depot
.SH DESCRIPTION
The file
.I custom.depot
contains user-specified values for resources for \fBdepot\fP(1)
which may be used to tailor the behavior of \fBdepot\fP(1) as desired.
Resources are specified as strings of the form
.sp 1
.ce 5
\fIcollection-name.preference: value\fP
or
\fIcommandlabel.preference: value\fP
or
\fIpreference: value\fP
.sp 1
one on each line in the \fIcustom.depot\fP file.
.LP
The first form is used to specify resources which are to be
applied on a per collection basis. An asterisk (*) may be used
in place of the collection-name to instruct \fBdepot\fP(1)
to apply the preference to all collections.
.LP
The second form is used to specify resources which are to be
applied to command labels specified in the configuration files of
collections (see \fBdepot.conf(5)\fP).
.LP
The third form is used for resources which
apply to the \fBdepot\fP(1) program in general.
.LP
Lines in \fBcustom.depot\fP starting with a # are treated as
comments and ignored by \fBdepot\fP(1).
.LP
\fBDepot\fP(1) recognizes the following resources:
.PP
.TP 8
label.command: commandname argumentlist
specifies the actual command and list of arguments to be associated
with the given label. The magic sequence %t may be used in the
commandname and argumentlist to refer to the \fItargetdir\fP. If the
commandname does not start with either a %t or a /, it is assumed to be
an executable to be searched for using the PATH environment variable.
.PP
.TP 8
copytarget: filelist
specifies a list of files (or directories!) under \fItargetdir\fP
which \fBdepot\fP(1) is to install by making
copies of the appropriate sources. This preference supersedes any
collection-specific mapcommand preference for these files.
This preference also supersedes any linktarget preference
for these files. 
If a directory is specified then all the files and subdirectories
will be copied.
The list of files must be separated by commas
with no intervening whitespaces. 
Regular expressions are not supported.
.sp
The target specification should be relative to the environment. 
For example, the following would specify that all files in the bin 
directory and all the files in any subdirectories of bin should be copied: 
.ce 
copytarget: bin
.PP
.TP 8
deletetarget: filelist
specifies a list of files (or directories!) under \fItargetdir\fP
which \fBdepot\fP(1) is to delete if any of them exist. This
preference supersedes any attempt at installation from any collection
for these files. This preference also supersedes any
copytarget or linktarget preference
for these files. 
If a directory is specified then all the files and subdirectories
will be deleted.
See the \fBcopytarget\fP option for more details on the mechanics.
.PP
.TP 8
deleteunreferenced: true/false
specifies whether \fBdepot\fP(1) is to delete or maintain files under
\fItargetdir\fP which are not referenced by any collection
in the current database. Defaults to true.
.PP
.TP 8
ignore: collectionlist
specifies a list of possible collections which will not be installed
by \fBdepot\fP(1). 
The collection names must be separated by commas
with no intervening whitespaces. 
Multiple instances of ignore will be concatenated together. 
.PP
.TP 8
linktarget: filelist
specifies a list of files (or directories!) under \fItargetdir\fP
which \fBdepot\fP(1) is to install by
making links to the appropriate sources. This preference supersedes
any collection-specific mapcommand preference
for these files. 
If a directory is specified then all the files and subdirectories
will be linked.
See the \fBcopytarget\fP option for more details on the mechanics.
.PP
.TP 8
collection.mapcommand: copy/link
specifies whether \fBdepot\fP(1) installs software from the
named collection by making copies at the appropriate location
under the \fItargetdir\fP or by making symbolic links instead.
Defaults to link.
.br
.PP
.TP 8
nooptarget: filelist
specifies a list of files (or directories!) under \fItargetdir\fP
which \fBdepot\fP(1) is to not install, update
or modify in any way during its operation. This preference supersedes
any attempt at installation from any collection for these files.
This preference also supersedes any copytarget, deletetarget or
linktarget preference
for these files. 
If a directory is specified then all the files and subdirectories 
will be ignored.
See the \fBcopytarget\fP option for more details on the mechanics.
.PP
.TP 8
collection.override: collectionlist
specifies a list of collections whose software contributions may be
overwritten by the named collection in case of a conflict during
installation.
Multiple overriders will be concatenated together. 
.PP
.TP 8
collection.path: path
specifies the directory where software for the named collection
resides. The path must be either an absolute pathname or a path
relative to the \fItargetdir\fP.
.PP
.TP 8
collection.searchpath: pathlist
specifies a list of directories under which \fBdepot\fP(1) is to search
for the named collection if no specific path has been specified for
the collection. The pathnames must be either absolute pathnames or
paths relative to the \fItargetdir\fP and must be separated by commas
with no intervening whitespaces. A collection for which no
searchpath is specified is searched for under
[targetdir]/depot.
.PP
.TP 8
specialfile: filelist
specifies a list of files (or directories!) under \fItargetdir\fP
which \fBdepot\fP(1) should not attempt to update or modify in any
way during its operation. Any attempt by any collection to modify
any file or directory tree specified in the filelist will cause
\fBdepot\fP to exit with an error message.
The list of files must be separated by commas with no intervening
whitespaces. 
Multiple instances of specialfile will be concatenated together. 
.PP
.TP 8
usemodtimes: true/false
specifies whether \fBdepot\fP(1) is to use modification time
information for updating maps by copy. Defaults to false.
May be overridden by the \-t flag while running \fBdepot\fP(1).
.PP
.TP 8
collection.version: versionnumber
specifies the version of the named collection which \fBdepot\fP(1)
is to use during installation. If no version is specified, the
version found with the highest version number is used by \fBdepot\fP(1).
Versions for collections are specified by appending a version number
following a delimiter to the collection name. For example,
.BR
With the default version delimiter of ~, Version 11 of
the collection named foo would be specified as
.BR
.ce 1
foo~11
.PP
.TP 8
versiondelimiter: character
specifies the character used to delimit version numbers. The default 
delimiter is a tilde(~). 
'/' cannot be used as a version delimiter character.
.SH WARNINGS
When the mapcommand is set to copy or when the copytarget option is used, 
\fBdepot\fP(1) will make EXACT copies of links. 
This means that the link itself will be copied and not what the link 
points to. 
Futhermore, any manipulation with the \fBdepot.conf\fP will not change 
what the link points to.  
Thus, if a relative symlink is moved into a different directory with the
\fBdepot.conf\fP the link could end up pointing at the wrong item.
.SH AUTHOR
Sohan C. Ramakrishna-Pillai
.SH "SEE ALSO"
depot(1)
