.\"
.\" $Header: /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/system/src/local/depot/019/RCS/depot.conf.man,v 4.1 1992/03/06 18:13:25 ww0r Exp $
.\" $Source: /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/system/src/local/depot/019/RCS/depot.conf.man,v $
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1991 Carnegie Mellon University - All rights reserved */
.\"
.\" Author: Sohan C. Ramakrishna Pillai
.\"
.TH DEPOT.CONF 5 "25 September 1991"
.SH NAME
depot.conf \- depot installation instructions
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \[collectiondir\]/depot.conf
.SH DESCRIPTION
The file
.I depot.conf
for a collection specifies how the contents of the collection
are to be mapped onto the target directory \fItargetdir\fP
by \fBdepot\fP(1).
.LP
Each line in \fIdepot.conf\fP may be a comment,
a special specification entry termed a tilde-specification
or a mapping specification. Specifications are sequentially
processed and later specifications may override
the effect of earlier specifications.
.br
Any line in \fIdepot.conf\fP starting with a # is treated as
a comment and ignored by \fBdepot\fP(1).
.br
Any line in \fIdepot.conf\fP starting with a ~ is treated as
a tilde-specification.
.br
All other lines in \fIdepot.conf\fP are treated as mapping entries.
.LP
\fBDepot\fP(1) recognizes the following tilde-specifcations:
.PP
.TP 8
~afsmountpoint path
specifies that the given path relative to \fIcollectiondir\fP
represents an Andrew File System mountpoint.
This specification is available
and necessary if and only if \fBdepot\fP(1) has been compiled
with USE_FSINFO set so as to enable it to use file system
information to make depot operations faster when possible.
Please contact your system administrator if you are unable
to use this specification.
.PP
.TP 8
~delete path
prevents the specified path from being mapped by any earlier
specification.  / should be used to specify the top level
of the \fIcollectiondir\fP. All other paths specified must
be relative to \fIcollectiondir\fP.
.PP
.TP 8
~command label outputfilelist
causes \fBdepot\fP(1) to execute the command specified by the label
at the end of all other operations in order to create the
specified output files. The command to be executed may be specified
using the command resource in the customization file (see
\fBcustom.depot(5)\fP). If no such resource is
specified, the label is assumed to represent the path to an executable
and the \fItargetdir\fP is passed along to the executable as the first
and only argument. Such an executable must be
specified in the label as either a complete pathname or a path relative
to \fItargetdir\fP. The outputfilelist must be a list of pathnames
relative to \fItargetdir\fP separated by whitespaces.
.LP
Mapping entries are of the form
.sp 1
.ce 3
\fIfrompath topath\fP
or
\fIpath\fP
.sp 1
one on each line.
The second form is equivalent to a mapping specification of
.sp 1
.ce 1
\fIpath path\fP
.sp 1
and is used for brevity.
/ should be used to specify the top level of the \fIcollectiondir\fP
as the frompath for mapping. All other frompaths specified must
be relative to \fIcollectiondir\fP. Similarly, / should be used to
specify the top level of the \fItargetdir\fP as the topath for mapping.
All other topaths
specified must be relative to \fItargetdir\fP.
A specification
.sp 1
.ce 1
\fIfrompath topath\fP
.sp 1
causes \fBdepot\fP(1) to map the contents of
\fIcollectiondir/frompath\fP to
\fItargetdir/topath/\fP.
.PP
Special attention should be paid when doing mappings on symlinks. When
the mapcommand option is set to copy, links will be copied exactly. So, it is
possible to copy a link into a directory where the symlink information is no
longer valid. 
.SH AUTHOR
Sohan C. Ramakrishna-Pillai
.SH "SEE ALSO"
depot(1), custom.depot(5)
