.\"
.\" $Header: /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/system/src/local/depot/019/RCS/depot.man,v 4.2 1992/04/08 22:15:22 sohan Exp $
.\" $Source: /afs/andrew.cmu.edu/system/src/local/depot/019/RCS/depot.man,v $
.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1991 Carnegie Mellon University - All rights reserved */
.\"
.\" Author: Sohan C. Ramakrishna Pillai
.\"
.TH DEPOT 1 "25 September 1991"
.SH NAME
depot \- Install and Remove Software Collections
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B depot
[ 
options
]
[
\-T targetdir
]
[
\-f collection_list
]
[
collection-name
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I depot
manages the unified installation of diverse software collections into a
single location.
.LP
Software collections may be any combination of files under a common
location, but are usually composed of files associated with a single
application. \fIdepot\fP
can be used to control the mapping of software from a diverse set of
such collections onto the target location \fItargetdir\fP
specified by the \fB-T\fP option so as to provide a consistent
view of software at the target location. In the absence of a
\fB-T\fP option, the \fItargetdir\fP defaults to one directory level
above the current working directory.
.LP
Mapping of software from
collections to the \fItargetdir\fP may be achieved either by making
appropriate symbolic links or by appropriately copying files from the
collections to the target location. This and other aspects used
to customize the installation of software by \fIdepot\fP
may be specified in a file called \fBcustom.depot\fP
in a special directory called \fBdepot\fP under the \fItargetdir\fP.
A description of possible customizations is available in
.BR custom.depot (5).
.LP
For each collection, the manner in which software under
the collection's directory tree is mapped onto the software tree at the 
\fItargetdir\fP may be specified in a file called \fBdepot.conf\fP
at the top level of the collection's directory tree. If no
\fBdepot.conf\fP file exists, the entire directory tree of the
collection is mapped onto the software tree at the \fItargetdir\fP.
The \fBdepot.conf\fP file is described in further detail in
.BR depot.conf (5).
.SH OPTIONS
.sp 1
.TP
.B \-T targetdir
sets the target location onto which \fIdepot\fP maps collections to be
\fItargetdir\fP. Defaults to one level above the current
working directory.
.TP
.B \-a
causes all collections on the \fIsearchpath\fP to be installed (or updated).
.TP
.B \-d
causes software from the specified collections to be deleted (uninstalled)
from the \fItargetdir\fP.
.TP
.B \-h
print a help message
.TP
.B \-n
no update mode, causes \fIdepot\fP to print out update actions, without
actually doing any updating.
.TP
.B \-q
quick update mode, causes \fIdepot\fP to quickly update only the specified
collections without checking the integrity of the \fItargetdir\fP.
.TP
.B \-Q
another quick update mode, causes \fIdepot\fP to trust the database as accurately
reflecting the state of the \fItargetdir\fP and \fIvice versa\fP.
.TP
.B \-t
causes depot to use modification time information for updating maps by copy.
.TP
.B \-v
verbose mode, causes \fIdepot\fP to send messages to the standard output
describing its actions.
.TP
.B \-x
print a Help message
.TP
.B \-R
repair mode, repairs a corrupted \fItargetdir\fP using the current database.
.TP
.B \-B
build new database and \fItargetdir\fP from scratch.
.TP
.B \-f collection_list
specify a file that contains a list of collections to be processed.
.TP
.B \-c
use only the collections specified either in the argument list or in a file 
specified by the using \fB-f\fP.
.SH LOCKING OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-l
locks the \fItargetdir\fP, thereby inhibiting \fIdepot\fP updates
on the \fItargetdir\fP.
.TP
.B \-i 
implicitly locked mode, enables the user to perform \fIdepot\fP updates
on \fItargetdir\fP, even if a previous lock by that user is in place. 
.TP
.B \-u
unlocks the \fItargetdir\fP, if and only if it was previously locked by
the same user.
.TP
.B \-U 
breaks a lock on \fItargetdir\fP set by another user. 
.TP
.B \-L
like \fB-U\fP above but replaces the lock with a new one for the current user.
.SH FILES
.PD 0
.TP 20
.B \[targetdir\]/depot/custom.depot
resource file for customization
.TP
.B \[collectiondir\]/depot.conf
configuration file for mapping collection
.TP
.B \[targetdir\]/depot/struct.depot
database file for targetdir
.TP
.B \[targetdir\]/depot/lock.depot
lock file for targetdir
.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
custom.depot(5), depot.conf(5)
.SH AUTHOR
Sohan C. Ramakrishna-Pillai
.SH "STUFF TO BE DOCUMENTED FURTHER"
meanings of possible errors, any important caveats.
